chore(docs): update docs to indicate old version of cli in homebrew (#476)
awslabs/cdk8s: docs/cli/installation.md

To install the CLI use one of the following methods:

=== "npm"
    `npm i -g cdk8s-cli`

=== "yarn"
    `yarn global add cdk8s-cli`

=== "Homebrew"
    `brew install cdk8s`

> Note: the latest version of the `cdk8s` cli available via Homebrew is `0.33.0`. Homebrew does not accept beta versions, so until there is a stable release please use `npm` or `yarn` to install the latest cli.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: the latest version of the `cdk8s` cli available via Homebrew is `0.33.0` because Homebrew does not accept beta versions. Once a stable `1.0.0` version is released it will be available on Homebrew as well. In the meantime, please use `npm` or `yarn` to install the latest cli.
```
